[Autogenerated] All right,
let's go ahead and start working through setting up a hybrid
managed instantiate activation on a server.
I started up,
and C two and we're just going to go ahead and
pretend like it's an on premise server.
I went ahead and removed the s s M agent so it's not
installed on their by default, and I did not assign it a role,
So then it won't have permissions to talk to S S M upfront.
Now,
the first thing you have to do is we have to create some rolls and two
roles that you might use our service role for S S m.
And then we haven't SSH m managed instantiate profile role.
So this allows us to have a managed instance, and it can perform SSN tasks.
Now, after you get that role define,
you also have to make sure you install the certificate
authorities provided by Amazon Trust services.
And that link is here,
and I will actually go ahead and include this link
in the downloads for this module.
But you have to install these locally on each machine.
Now, since we're on an E.
C.
Two instance and I'm using Amazon Linux.
These error already installed for me I'm not going to go through
remove and then reinstall them just for this demo.
If you do a quick search,
you should learn how to quickly install some
certificate authorities on your server.
Now the search for this particular os are located under etc.
P.
K.
I see a trust extracted open SSL.
So when I look in here, I see my bundle and this has all of the trusted Certs.
So now that that's installed and verified,
we need to create an activation for our instance.
So let's do that here.
Now we can do this to separate ways and I'll show you both.
The first is through the console.
So if I go down to hybrid activations,
create activation and this brings us to our activation screen
Now I'll give the activation A name on Prem will limit it to
one instance And then you see,
we specify a role for the s s m agent on our instantiate ws Now all
use the default which is created by a ws for me And this was done
because I had already ran through this before.
So there was an option to create it, which I chose, and now it exists.
So your screen might differ.
It might ask you to create a new role, and if it does,
you can do that or you can specify an existing one.
I'll leave it as the default.
I'll specify an expiration.
I'll give it a default name and then I'll click create activation.
And there we go.
We have now created an activation and you'll see,
very importantly, that it gives us an activation code and an activation ID.
So we want to save these so I'll go ahead and save these to the side.
And then while we're doing this,
let me go ahead and show you how we can do this via the CLI.
So let me go ahead and paste this in,
and what we're doing is we're creating an activation
with the same values as before.
The only differences, the registration limit.
So there we go.
I ran the command and I get an activation IDE and code like before.
And now if I go back to my console, if I refresh,
we should see that other activation ID and we do so that's awesome.
Now let me delete this one.
And let's go ahead and set up our E C two instance with this activation.
Now,
I'm gonna go ahead and paste in some scripts here and what I'm doing is I'm
downloading the s s m agent to a local temporary directory.
I'm installing it and then I'm stopping it.
Now the next thing I have to do is register it.
So let me do that here.
And you can see that we're running a register flag with our agent
that we installed were specifying are code that we received as
well as our activation IDE in region.
So we see here at the bottom that we have successfully
registered this instance with a W S S S M.
And it gives us a new I D,
which is a managed instance IDE for this managed instantiate.
Now the final thing I have to do is I have to start this agent,
so I go ahead and start it.
Let me clear my screen and go back to the console.
And if I go to managed instances, voila,
We now have our managed instantiate with the name and then
it has all of our information like a normal managed
instantiate would within a W s.
So using this,
we can actually perform actions on it from a W s and execute Those
automation is and run commands on those managed instances even though
they live within our on prem data centers.
So it's a pretty neat little services.
Now that's gonna do it on this demo on how we can install and
configure the s S M agent on an on Prem server and then bring
it in as a managed instance.
Let's go ahead and wrap up here, and then in the next clip, I'll walk through session manager.